                                                            
  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxx    xxxxxxxxx                                  
  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxx                                   
       xxxx       xxx    xxx    xxx     xxx                             
       xxxx       xxxxxxxx      xxx     xxx                             
       xxxx       xxx    xxx    xxx     xxx                            
       xxxx       xxx    xxxx   xxx     xxx                            
       xxxx       xxxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxx                              
       xxxx       xxxxxxxxxx    xxxxxxxxx                              
  





TBD Manifesto

Companies and organizations face an ever-advancing set of business challenges, many of which are addressable by technology and dealing with data. Wether the Human Genome Project or the local CRM, there is a wealth of open and proprietary data sources that constitute an increasingly important asset for anyone that can harness meaningful use, analytics and enhancement of it. Many of the future big challenges like Smart Grids, Genomics and Recommendation systems are about understanding and connecting data. However, many businesses do not have the means to access the knowledge and talent needed to make this happen. But they have a good view of the value of these solutions.

Innovators are coding in coffee shops, tinkering in garages and experimenting in labs and on campuses.  How do they know up front if their ideas will be of value to enterprises or society at large?  Their efforts need early validation and guidance from potential customers on what the market really needs and who are willing to fund and implement new technologies that solve critical issues.

TBD (Technology-Business-Data) aims to create local ecosystems that bring together industry with talented, entrepreneurial problem-solvers - developers, hackers, designers, thought leaders and academics - to tackle real world data challenges in a creative and free environment.  Through virtual and real time events, activities and collaborative platforms, TBD’s goal is to bridge and facilitate spontaneous collaboration between individuals,  businesses and organizations and access to potential customers willing to engage for innovators, developers and startups.
